Cheng said, if you have Cheng nature, I won’t catch up with you in college.
Just accept the other end of sincerity,
On the other hand, it is still highly recommended to take the initiative to do so.
of this matter.
But there is a company, and his expectation is the biggest encouragement,
Sincerely, he is used to being a comrade.
In short, the road ahead is not always easy.
There must be no rest.
Don't worry, as long as I don't make any mistakes
Can be a stranger
Otherwise, I'd trouble you to move up here, not King Tong.
Which mode is coming?
Long time no see. Xia Qingmei didn’t expect that
I became a colleague again
Do you mean this?
If I go to my ex again, I will be in the company.
Just shake your name in the early morning
By the way, what's the matter with you?
Of course I have something to do with the company
Jiangcheng decided to make a small decision
Promote this young talent
Then I want you to give it a try
Do you have confidence?
I just came to the company and the company asked me to accept such a big idea
You said I am your capital
How long have you been at the company?
Is he normal?
If you can win the Jiangcheng project
That seminarian is not allowed to interfere
That is the position of immersion
What if you're older?
This is my usual position this time
You are really good
You can still have a good life
will you
It’s just that you can’t speak with confidence.
You have to do this
The sales are not as good as I can do it within a month
You now earn two to three thousand a month
I broke through it myself
Besides, this is the company's decision
Okay, since it's the company's decision, I agree.
My elementary school girl is still as brave as a lonely girl
In that case
In the subsequent work
If there is a friend who needs us, I will
Why are you doing something else?
What did my colleague see?
Since this is human
There are only places that are not worthy of the sky
This kind of project is clean
I think it's too small Yes Yes
Even if the four major families in Jiangcheng
Founding family culture
He must look down on the nonsense of establishing a family.
But how many people are there in Baixia?
Shen Cai's beauty
But what do you think of this?
A little white flower like Tang Huan
I'm looking forward to it
The issue he gave to Jiang Cheng
He's a quick-fire guy
Are we doing something special?
I studied for a while today
It is the result of this suggestion
Planned
Of course not
You are now my favorite woman Tang Huan
What is the location of something?
Don't even think about who it is
can you dear
If it hurts
Really make this home
I'm the only one who hasn't seen it in five years.
If pedestrians want to negotiate,
Then I will give your company ten rounds